>>> ON THIS EDITION FOR IS THE
MAY 3rd, AS THE VIOLENCE IN
CRANE INTENSIFIES, PUTIN'S
SPOKESPERSON SAYS RUSSIA I
BESIEGED WITH PLEAS TO
INTERVENE.
HOW A POSSIBLE PHARMACEUTICA
MEGA MERGER MIGHT SLOW THE
DEVELOPMENT OF NEW DRUGS
>>> AND IN OUR SIGNATURE
SEGMENT, YOU MIGHT KNOW HIM FROM
MALCOLM IN THE MIDDLE OR
BREAKING BAD, NOW HE'S O
BROADWAY
>> YOU CANNOT ATTRIBUTE ON
ADJECTIVE TOWARD LYNDON JOHNSON.
>> BRYAN CRANSTON SITS DOWN WITH
JEFFREY BROWN ON PBS "NEWS HOU
WEEKEND.
>>> FROM THE TISCH WNET STUDIO
AT LINCOLN CENTER IN NEW YORK.
>> GOOD EVENING, THANKS FO
JOINING US
THE KREMLIN SAID TODAY IT HA
RECEIVED THOUSANDS OF CALLS FO
ASSISTANCE FROM RUSSIAN-SPEAKERS
IN EASTERN UKRAINE
A STATEMENT THAT COULD SIGNA
RUSSIA'S INTENTION TO GET MORE
INVOLVED IN THE CONFLICT THERE
MILITARY ANALYSTS SAID THEY SA
NO SIGNS OF A RUSSIAN INVASION
ALL THIS AS UKRAINE CONTINUE
ITS ATTACK ON SEPARATISTS WH
HAD SEIZED GOVERNMENT BUILDING
THROUGHOUT UKRAINE
TODAY THEY RELEASED THE PEOPLE
THEY HELD CAPTIVE.
>> THE OSC OBSERVERS, FREE AFTER
A WEEK UNDER THE CONTROL OF TH
SELF-PROCLAIMED MAYOR.
HE SAID THIS WAS NO KIDNAP
JUST AN INTENDED VISIT
>> Translator: THEY'RE NOT BEING
RELEASED
THEY'RE LEAVING US, AS WAS
PROMISED
WE CELEBRATED MY BIRTHDAY AN
NOW THEY CAN LEAVE FOR HOME.
>> DOWN THE ROAD AND THROUGH THE
CHICANE TO SAFETY, THEIR
COLLEAGUES WERE THERE TO MEE
THEM AT THE ROADSIDE
SUCH RELIEF FOR THE SEVEN ME
WHO WERE HELD FIRST IN A
BASEMENT, THEN A FOURTH FLOO
ROOM
>> WE WERE TREATED PRETTY WELL
NOBODY TOUCHED US.
WE'RE PHYSICALLY UNHARMED.
THE CONDITIONS OF OUR STAY THERE
WERE VERY TENABLE.
>> MORE UKRAINIAN ARMORE
VEHICLES ROLLED INTO NEARB
AREAS, MEETING A HOSTILE
REACTION
[ SHOUTS ]
>> MANY PEOPLE SUPPORT THE
PRO-RUSSIAN REBELS HERE.
PRESIDENT PUTIN'S SPOKESMAN SAID
IN THE LAST 24 HOURS, THEY HAD
RECEIVED THOUSANDS OF PHON
CALLS FROM EASTERN UKRAINE
ASKING FOR RUSSIA'S HELP
A PHRASE THEY USED BEFOR
ANNEXING CRIMEA.
THE AUTHORITIES IN KIEV WERE
RESPONSIBLE FOR THIS TOO, HE
SAID
46 PEOPLE DIED AND SOME 200 WERE
INJURED IN ODESSA LAST NIGHT
WHEN RUSSIAN SUPPORTERS CLASHE
WITH THOSE WHO BACK TH
UKRAINIAN AUTHORITIES.
MANY HAVE SEVERE BURNS
THEY WERE AMONGST THE PRO-RUSSIA
CROWDS TRAPPED IN THE ODESSA
HOUSE.
UKRAINE SUPPORTERS WERE THROWING
MOLOTOV COCKTAILS AT THE
BUILDING WHEN IT CAUGHT FIRE
36 PEOPLE DIED
IN KIEV, THEY HAVE THEIR
MARTYRS, THOSE KILD ON THE MID
AN INDEPENDENT SQUARE.
NOW THERE ARE MARTYRS ON THE
OTHER SIDE
MORE REASONS FOR REVENGE
EVER FEWER FOR REC KNO
SILLIATION
>> DESPITE ALL THE VIOLENCE, THE
GREATEST BLOODSHED OCCURRE
HUNDREDS OF MILES AWAY YESTERDAY
DURING THAT INCIDENT IN ODESSA
FOR MORE WE'RE JOINED NOW FROM
ODESSA VIA SKYPE BY PHILIP WIT
"THE WALL STREET JOURNAL."
WHAT WAS THE SITUATION TODAY
>> ON THE GROUND OUTSIDE THE
BUILDING WHERE THE PEOPLE BURNED
TO DEATH LAST NIGHT, THERE WAS A
RUSSIAN RALLY AND PEOPLE WER
VERY ANGRY
AT TIMES, THERE WERE SCUFFLES.
MOSTLY OLDER PEOPLE, SOM
YOUNGER PEOPLE
THEY'RE VERY ANGRY AT THE POLICE
TOO, BECAUSE THE POLICE PLAYED A
PECULIAR ROLE YESTERDAY, AS THEY
HAVE THROUGHOUT.
WHAT'S MORE, THERE'S VIDEO O
FOOTAGE THAT EMERGED YESTERDAY
FROM SEVERAL FAIRLY RELIABLE
UKRAINIAN TELEVISION CHANNEL
AND OTHER VIDEOS THAT THE POLICE
WERE SYMPATHETIC TO THE RUSSIA
MILITANTS.
AND MAYBE SHELTERED THEM
THIS IS WHAT THE UKRAINANS ARE
ANGRY ABOUT.
THE RUSSIAN ARE ANGRY THAT WHE
THE MOLOTOV COCKTAILS WERE THREW
AT THE BUILDING, THE POLICE WERE
NOWHERE TO BE SEEN AND THE
ALLOWED IT TO HAPPEN
>> SO FOR AN AMERICAN AUDIENCE
WATCHING, WHAT'S THE SIGNIFICANT
THAT THIS VIOLENCE IS HAPPENIN
IN ODESSA, A WESTERN PART OF
UKRAINE, WHICH ISN'T CLOSE T
CRIMEA, ISN'T CLOSE TO THE OTHER
AREAS THAT WE'VE BEEN HEARIN
ABOUT IN THE LAST FEW DAYS
>> WHEN YOU ASK PEOPLE WHO
ETHNICITY THEY ARE, THEY WIL
SAY ODESSA BECAUSE IT'S A MAJO
PORT CITY.
IT HAS RUSSIANS UKRAINIANS,
SIGNIFICANT JEWISH POPULATION.
A COSMOPOLITAN MELTING POT
I DON'T WANT TO PREJUDGE HOW
EVENTS WILL UNFOLD FROM HERE
BUT IT HAD EMBERS OF A CIVIL
CONFLICT
FOR THE FIRST TIME IN THIS
LATEST SPIRAL OF SEPARATISTS AND
RUSSIANS THAT WE HAVE SEEN A
LARGE NUMBER OF CIVILIAN
CLASHING WITH OTHER CIVILIANS,
WITH MASSIVE DEATHS AS A RESULT.
WE CAN SEE BOTH SIDES ARE TRYING
TO PACKAGE WHAT HAPPENED
YESTERDAY TO THEIR ADVANTAGE
>> IS THERE STRATEGI
IMPORTANCE, PSYCHOLOGICA
IMPORTANCE IF RUSSIA MAKES MOR
CLAIMS TO ODESSA
>> IT'S A VERY PECULIAR PLAC
WHERE PEOPLE DO NOT EXHIBIT
PRO-RUSSIAN SENTIMENT.
AS IN CRIMEA
THIS IS PART OF THE REASON WHY
YESTERDAY A PRO-RUSSIAN RALL
WISE, THAT THE PRO-RUSSIAN
BEGAN WITH SUCH A FORCEFUL
RESPONSE
IN ODESSA, WE SEE PEOPLE PUSHING
BACK VERY HARD AND SOMETIMES
VERY VIOLENTLY TOO
>> ALL RIGHT, PHILIP, THANKS S
MUCH
>> THANK YOU
>>> THE LANDSLIDE THAT OCCURRE
IN NORTH AFGHANISTAN WAS EVE
MORE CALAMITOUS THAN FIRST
BELIEVED
THE SEARCH FOR SURVIVORS
CONTINUED TODAY.
AS MANY AS 2,700 PEOPLE WERE
KILLED OR ARE MISSING AFTER AT
LEAST 300 HOMES WERE BURIED,
FOLLOWING THE COLLAPSE OF
HILLSIDE
ONE OFFICIAL SAID THE ENTIRE
VILLAGE WAS PRACTICALLY WIPE
AWAY
RELIEF AGENCIES ARE RACING T
GET ASSISTANCE TO THE STRICKEN
AREA
>>> THE STATE DEPARTMENT I
WARNING AMERICANS TRAVELING TO
NIGERIA OF A POTENTIAL TERRORIST
ATTACK AGAINST HOTELS THERE.
THE CAPITAL CITY WILL HOST A
WORLD ECONOMIC FORUM LATER THI
WEEK, HAS ALREADY BEEN THE SCENE
OF TERROR ATTACKS.
TWO BOMBINGS THERE HAVE KILLED
80 PEOPLE AND WOUNDED DOZENS
MORE
NIGERIA IS STILL TRYING TO
LOCATE MORE THAN 200 GIRLS
ABDUCTED FROM A SCHOOL LAS
MONTH.
>>> THE CENTERS FOR DISEAS
CONTROL HAS CONFIRMED THE FIRS
CASE OF THE MERS VIRUS, WHIC
STANDS FOR MIDDLE EAST
HEALTH CARE WORKER
OFFICIALS ARE CONCERNED BECAUS
OF THE FATALITY RATE OF TH
DISEASE.
100 OF THE PEOPLE DIAGNOSED IN
THE PAST TWO YEARS HAVE DIED
ALL OF THEM ARE FROM THE MIDDL
EAST OR WHO HAVE TRAVELED CASE
THE CDC SAYS THE CASE IN INDIANA
REPRESENTS A LOW-RISK BECAUS
THE VIRUS IS NOT HIGHL
CONTAGIOUS
>>> A FEDERAL JURY IN CALIFORNIA
HAS AWARDED APPLE NEARLY $12
MILLION IN ITS PATEN
INFRINGEMENT LAWSUIT AGAINST
SAMSUNG.
THE AWARD LATE YESTERDAY
REPRESENTS ONLY ABOUT 6% OF TH
DAMAGES APPLE HAD SOUGHT
THE JUDGE HAS YET TO RULE ON
APPLE'S EFFORT TO BLOCK THE SALE
OF CERTAINLY PRODUCTS INCLUDIN
THE GALAXY S III
>>> CONDOLEEZZA RICE HAS DECIDED
NOT TO DELIVER THE COMMENCEMEN
ADDRESS AT RUTGERS LATER THI
MONTH.
STUDENTS AND FACULTY MEMBERS HAD
PROTESTED HER SELECTION, CITIN
HER ROLE IN THE IRAQ WAR
>>> AND ZIM BALIST JR WH
STARRED AS A PRIVATE EYE ON 77
SUNSET STRIP AND AS AN AGENT O
THE FBI HAS DIED
HE WAS 95 YEARS OLD.
HE WAS A VETERAN, WHO WA
AWARDED A PURPLE HEART AFTER
BEING WOUNDED IN EUROPE DURING
WORLD WAR II
>>> $106 BILLION BID FOR
ASTRAZENECA HAS BEEN MAKING NEWS
BECAUSE OF ITS SIZE AN
SUGGESTIONS THAT IT'S MOTIVATE
BY LOWER CORPORATE TAX RATES
OVERSEAS
BUT THERE'S ANOTHER ASPECT T
THE STORY.
HOW THE POSSIBLE MERGER MIGH
AFFECT THE DEVELOPMENT OF NE
DRUGS.
PIPELINE OF DRUGS THAT ARE I
THERE FOR THE COMPANIES THAT ARE
INVOLVED IN THESE MERGERS AN
TRANSACTIONS
>> WELL, TYPICALLY IT SLOWS DOWN
DRUG DEVELOPMENT, AND A LOT OF
DRUGS THAT ARE IN THE PROCESS OF
BEING TESTED RIGHT NOW, AR
PROBABLY GOING TO GET CANCELED
IF HISTORY REPEATS ITSELF FROM
WHAT WE'VE SEEN IN PAST MERGERS.
A GOOD EXAMPLE OF WHAT WIL
HAPPEN, PFIZER'S LAST MEGA
MERGER
IN THAT INSTANCE, $4.5 BILLION
IN RESEARCH SPENDING GOT CUT
THOUSANDS OF SCIENTISTS WERE
FIRED.
AND SIX RESEARCH LABS WERE SHU
DOWN
PEOPLE SAY THESE ACQUISITION
CAN SLOW DOWN THE DEVELOPMENT OF
A DRUG IN THE PROCESS BY AS MUCH
AS NINE MONTHS AND A LOT O
PROJECTS END UP GETTING KILLED
ALTOGETHER
>> A LOT OF TIMES THE ACQUIRIN
COMPANY SAYS IT'S THE PROMISIN
RESEARCH THAT'S HAPPENING IN
THESE LITTLE FIELDS THAT W
DON'T KNOW ABOUT, THAT'S WHY W
WANT TO BUY THIS COMPANY
THEY CHANGE THEIR TUNE AFTER THE
MERGER
>> THEY ALWAYS SAY THAT, BUT I
PFIZER'S LAST ACQUISITION, AND
SO MANY OTHER ACQUISITIONS, THEY
TAKE THE STUFF THAT'S FARTHEST
ALONG IN TESTING, CONTINUE
MOVING THAT FORWARD.
THE RISKIER STUFF, MOR
CUTTING-EDGE RESEARCH, OFTEN
THAT GETS TERMINATED
SOME AREAS THAT ONE COMPANY IS
PURSUING THAT THE NEW ACQUIRER
ISN'T THAT INTERESTED IN, FO
EXAMPLE, ASTHMA OR ALLERGIES, SO
THOUGH PROGRAMS COULD GET KILLED
OFF OR DIE OFF
SO A LOT OF TIMES COMPANY SAY IT
HAS TO DO WITH THE RESEARCH.
WHAT THEY'RE TALKING ABOUT ARE
THE DRUGS THAT ARE FURTHER ALONG
IN THE DEVELOPMENT, THE MORE
ADVANCED PRODUCT
AND THE EARLY STUFF, THE PROMISE
OF MEDICINE FOR 10, 20 YEARS
THAT'S THE STUFF THAT FALLS BY
THE WAY SIDE HERE.
>> THIS ISN'T JUST SPECIFIC TO
PFIZER
WHAT HAPPENS IN THE LARGER
MARKETPLACE?
WHAT ABOUT THE DRUGS THAT MIGH
NOT BE PROFITABLE TO INVEST IN
>> DRUG MAKERS HAVE SAID THEY'RE
INTERESTED IN DOING MORE WORK IN
RARE DISEASES.
BUT THE FEWER COMPANIES LOOKIN
FOR DRUGS, THE LESS COMPETITIO
THERE WILL BE AND THE MORE
COMPANIES ARE GOING TO SAY WE'RE
JUST INTERESTED IN THESE SIX
AREAS OF RESEARCH, LIKE PFIZER
HAS, OR WE'RE JUST INTERESTED IN
CANCER, NOT VACCINES
THAT'S FINE WHEN THERE'S 20 BI
COMPANIES, BUT WHEN WE ONLY HAVE
FIVE COMPANIES LEFT AND ON
COMPANY SAYS, YOU KNOW, WE'R
NOT GOING TO DO OBESITY RESEARCH
ANYMORE.
IT'S TOO RISKY
THAT'S ONE LESS COMPANY OUT OF
FIVE REMAINING THAT ARE IN THA
AREA
SO IT JUST MEANS LES
COMPETITION AND SOME DISEASE
ARE JUST GOING TO FALL OFF THE
MAP.
IF YOU HAVE ONE OF THOSE
DISEASES, IT'S GOING TO BE
UNFORTUNATE.
>> SHANNON, THANKS SO MUCH
>> THANK YOU
♪♪
>>> HE'S BETTER KNOWN FOR HI
WORK ON TELEVISION THAN IN THE
THEATER, BUT BRYAN CRANSTON'
NAME WAS THERE ON THE LIST WHE
THE TONY NOMINATIONS WER
ANNOUNCED EARLIER THIS WEEK.
CRANSTON IS NOMINATED FOR HI
WORK IN ALL THE WAY, A BROADWA
PLAY ABOUT LYNDON JOHNSON'
FIRST YEAR IN OFFICE
THE PLAY WAS NOMINATED AS WELL
JEFFREY BROWN RECENTLY SAT DOW
WITH CRANSTON TO TALK ABOUT HI
NEW ROLE AND JOHNSON'S LEGACY 50
YEARS LATER.
>> THIS IS THE MOST IMPORTAN
ELECTION, AND THE CHOICE
COULDN'T BE CLEARER.
>> LYNDON JOHNSON, AMBITIOUS
IMPATIENT, TORTURED AND TROUBLED
IN A MILLION DIFFERENT WAYS.
ALL CAPTURED BY ACTOR BRYA
CRANSTON
>> WHEN THEY WOULD LOOK DOWN
THEIR NOSE AT ME LIKE I WAS
COUNTRY BUMPKIN.
>> IN THREE HOURS, YOU SEE HIM
GO THROUGH A MYRIAD OF EMOTIONS.
IT'S RARE TO BE ABLE TO HAVE A
CHARACTER OF THAT SCOPE, I'M
GRATEFUL FOR IT.
>> THIS AIN'T ABOUT TH
CONSTITUTION
THIS IS ABOUT THOSE WHO GOT MORE
WANTING TO HANG ON TO WHAT THE
GOT.
>> THE PLAY CALLED "ALL THE WAY"
OPENED ON BROADWAY IN MARCH.
WRITTEN BY ROBERT SHANKIN, IT'
A LOOK BACK AT THE YEAR 1964
PRESIDENT JOHNSON'S FIRST YEAR
IN OFFICE AFTER TH
ASSASSINATION OF JOHN F.
KENNEDY.
A TUMULTUOUS TIME FOR TH
PRESIDENCY AND THE ENTIR
NATION
>> WE GOT PEOPLE IN THIS COUNTRY
LIVING IN UNBELIEVABLE POVERTY
I KNOW, I GREW UP LIKE THAT IN
THE HILL COUNTRY
>> I SAW YOU LAST NIGHT AND
SAW THIS CHARACTER, YOU KNOW
NECK OUT, SHOULDERS UP
>> THAT WAS MY VERSION OF L.B.J.
IT REALLY IS A VERSION OF HIM.
BECAUSE YOU DON'T WANT TO TRY TO
TAKE ON THE CHARACTE
SPECIFICALLY IN THE SENSE TO D
AN IMPERSONATION
YOU KNOW, I JUST WANT TO GET THE
SENSE OF WHO HE IS
AND ALLOW THAT CHARACTER JUST TO
BE ABSORBED INTO ME, YOU KNOW.
SO I'M ABLE TO THEN LET HI
LOOSE ON STAGE
>> IT KEEPS FLOWING NO MATTE
WHAT
>> NOW 58, CRANSTON IS BES
KNOWN FOR HIS ROLE ON THE HI
AMC DRAMA "BREAKING BAD.
HE GREW UP IN LOS ANGELES, HIS
PARENTS WERE BOTH ACTORS
HE FIRST THOUGHT ABOUT BECOMIN
A COP.
HE STARTED TAKING ACTING CLASSES
IN HIS 20s AND BEGAN LANDING
COMMERCIALS.
>> NOW YOU CAN RELIEVE INFLAME
HIM ROIDAL TISSUE.
>> AND SMALL ROLES ON TV
>> JUST A MINUTE, I DON'T HAVE
MUCH MONEY
[ LAUGHTER ]
>> HE PLAYED A DENTIST WITH AN
OFF-COLLAR SENSE OF HUMOR IN
SEINFELD
♪♪
HIS NEARLY SEVEN-YEAR STINT ON
MALCOLM IN THE MIDDLE AS THE
KOOKY FATHER INCREASED HIS
PROFILE.
BUT IT WAS THE WILDLY PRAISE
AND POPULAR SHOW "BREAKING BAD
THAT FINALLY MADE CRANSTON A
MAJOR STAR
>> SAY MY NAME
>> BEFORE THE SHOW ENDED ITS
SIX-YEAR RUN LAST SEPTEMBER,
CRANSTON WON THREE EMMYS FOR
PLAYING WALTER WHITE,
CHEMISTRY TEACHER TURNED VIOLENT
DRUG LORD.
>> I AM NOT IN DANGER.
I AM THE DANGER!
>> IN TERMS OF NARROW CASTING,
EVERYBODY SEES YOU AS THAT ONE
CHARACTER.
>> IT CAN, IF YOU SUCCUMB TO
THAT KIND OF EASY OUT.
WHEN MALCOLM IN THE MIDDLE ENDED
AFTER SEVEN YEARS, I WAS OFFERED
TWO PILOTS FOR TV THAT WERE FUN,
GOOFY DAD.
AND OF COURSE I TURNED THE
DOWN
BUT IT WAS SURPRISED TO THOS
PEOPLE WHO OFFERED IT, BECAUSE
THEY FELT I WAS PERFECT FOR IT
AND I WENT, I'M NOT GOING TO
HELP YOU PUT ME IN A BOX
>> RIGHT
>> WHERE DO YOU AS OPPOSED T
THIS CAME FROM
>> THAT'S WHY CRANSTON CHOSE
THIS LATEST ROLE
IT'S HIS FIRST TIME TO BROADWA
AND A CHANCE TO TAKE ON
MULTIDIMENSIONAL CHARACTER
CAUGHT UP IN THE TIDE OF
HISTORY.
CRANSTON SAID HE PREPARED FO
THE ROLE BY VISITING THE
PRESIDENTIAL LIBRARY IN AUSTIN
AND READING FROM THE MANY BOOK
THERE.
HE ALSO LISTENED TO SOME OF TH
FORMER PRESIDENT'S RECORDE
PHONE CONVERSATIONS.
>> HE AND I ARE BUDDIES NOW.
HE UNDERSTANDS POLITICS AND I DO
TOO.
WE'RE WORKING WITH REPUBLICANS
100%
>> I'M ON YOUR SIDE.
>> WELL, YOU DON'T EVER AGRE
THAT'S A GOOD CLAUSE BECAUSE YOU
KNOW IT AIN'T.
>> YES, AM.
>> NO, YOU ARE NOT GOING T
RESIGN
>> YOU NEVER KNEW WHICH LBJ YO
WERE GOING TO GET WHEN YOU
WALKED INTO THE OFFICE THAT DAY.
>> BUT GOD, DID I LOVE THOSE
KIDS OF MINE
>> HE COULD BE HIGH, HE COULD BE
LOW, HE COULD BE ANGRY, HE COULD
BE HAPPY
AND YOU HAD TO JUST DEAL WIT
IT
>> WHAT DO YOU THINK OF THIS
CIVIL RIGHTS BILL OF MINE?
>> MUCH OF THE PLAY FOCUSES ON
THE PASSAGE OF THE CIVIL RIGHT
ACT OF 1964, PART OF HIS
LEGISLATIVE ACHIEVEMENT THAT'S
BEING REMEMBERED AND CELEBRATE
NOW, 50 YEARS LATER.
AND BEFORE HE WAS WORN DOWN AN
FOR MANY, TARNISHED BY THE
VIETNAM WAR.
>> DO YOU FEEL YOURSELF PART O
THAT, LOOKING BACK AT THE LEGACY
AND THEREFORE SOME
RESPONSIBILITY TO TELLING THAT
HISTORY?
>> WELL, THERE'S A CERTAIN
AMOUNT OF OWNERSHIP THAT HAPPENS
WHEN YOU TAKE ON A CHARACTER
YOU ABSORB AS MUCH SOURC
MATERIAL AS YOU CAN.
IT'S LIKE YOU'RE MAKING
BOUQUET.
YOU'RE TAKING BITS AND PIECE
FROM EACH MATERIAL THAT RESONATE
WITH YOU AND YOU'RE CRAFTING
YOUR OWN LBJ OR WHOMEVER THA
CHARACTER WOULD BE
>> THAT RESONATE WITH YOU IN
SOME WAY
>> YES
>> WHAT DOES THAT MEAN
>> KNOWING THAT I PHYSICALLY
HAVE TO BE UP ON THAT STAGE AN
PRESENTING THIS TEXT, AS I
WERE, YOU TAKE BITS AND PIECES
OF INFORMATION THAT MAKE SENSE
TO YOU, THAT MAKE YOU REALIZE,
OH, THERE'S INTERESTING THINGS
FOR INSTANCE, I DON'T EVEN KNO
WHERE I READ IT, BUT HE HAD
STANDING APPOINTMENT TO GET
MASSAGE EVERY NIGHT AT THE WHITE
HOUSE.
AND HE CALLED IT A RUB DOWN.
GET HIMSELF A RUB DOWN
AND THAT INFORMED A COUPLE
THINGS
I SAID, HE MUST HAVE BEE
TIGHTLY WOUND.
AND SO I GAVE HIM A BACK ISSUE
IN THE PLAY.
>> INDEED THE PHYSICAL
TRANSFORMATION CRANSTON GOES
THROUGH IS STRIKING.
BACK BENT, SHOULDERS HUNCHED
FACE SCRUNCHED AS HE CAJOLES
THREATENS, AND SWEET TALKS LIJ
SLATORS TO GET HIS WAY
AS HERE WITH HUBERT HUMPHREY
>> THIS IS ABOUT VOTES
>> YOU KNOW THAT'S A PROBLEM
WITH YOU LIBERALS.
YOU DON'T KNOW HOW TO FIGHT!
YOU WANT TO GET SOMETHING DONE
IN THE REAL WORLD, HUBERT, YOU
GOING TO HAVE TO GET YOUR HAND
WET.
NOW YOU CALL YOURSELF THE LEADER
OF THE LIBERAL WING OF THE
DEMOCRATIC PARTY AND SHOW ME
SOMEDAY GOD DAMN LEADERSHIP.
>> YOU'RE DOING THAT TOWERING,
LOOKING DOWN
IS THAT FUN TO DO?
>> IT'S A LOT OF FUN TO DO
>> IS IT
>> SURE.
ANY TIME A MAN CAN BOASTFULLY BE
INTIMIDATING, YOU KNOW, THAT'S
FUN TO DO.
I LEAN INTO YOU A LITTLE BIT
NOW.
FIRST TIME I'D SAY SOMETHING
LIKE, HOW'S YOUR WIFE, AND I
WOULD REMEMBER HER NAME.
SHE'S SO PRETTY.
YOU'RE A LUCKY, LUCKY MAN.
>> I'M SMILING AND HAPPY
>> NOW, LOOK, WE NEED TO BE ABLE
TO GET THIS DONE, DON'
DISAPPOINTMENT ME.
>> AND I'M SAYING YES, SIR T
ANYTHING
>> YES, YOU WOULD.
BECAUSE I HOOK YOU IN.
HE WAS UNCANNY WITH HI
POLITICAL SAVVY.
>> CRANSTON SAYS HE'S GRATEFUL
FOR THE START AND IT NOW GIVES
HIM THE ABILITY TO PICK AN
CHOOSE HIS ROLES, AND THE MONE
TO LIVE WELL
WITH YOU HE COMES OFF AS A
UNTORTURED SOUL WHO IS HAPPY T
HAVE BUILT A LIFE-LONG CAREE
DOING EXACTLY WHAT HE WANTS.
>> DID YOU HAVE TIMES ALONG TH
WAY WHERE YOU THOUGHT, MAYBE
THIS ISN'T GOING TO HAPPEN THE
WAY I HAD HOPED?
>> NO.
>> YOU DIDN'T?
BECAUSE MY GOALS WEREN'T TO BE A
STAR
IT'S STILL NOT
MY GOAL IS NOT TO BE FAMOUS.
BY THE TIME I WAS 25, I STARTE
WORKING EXCLUSIVELY AS AN ACTOR.
AND I'M 58 NOW
AND THAT'S ALL I'VE DONE SINCE I
WAS 25 YEARS OLD
AND THAT'S MY PROUDEST MOMENT IS
THAT I CAN SAY THAT I'M
WORKING ACTOR.
I MAKE MY LIVING AS AN ACTOR
AND THAT'S IT.
NOW, WHATEVER HAPPENS, HAPPENS
>> I MARCH INTO A BRIGHT FUTURE,
OR A RETREAT INTO A DARK PAST!
>> WHAT HAPPENS NEXT FOR BRYAN
CRANSTON, WELL, "ALL THE WAY
RUNS THROUGH THE END OF JUNE
HE'S WRITING A MEMOIR DUE OU
NEXT YEAR AND HE PLAYS A
SCIENTIST IN THE NEW MOVIE
"GODZILLA," THAT OPENS MAY 16th.
♪♪
>> YOU SUBMITTED THE QUESTIONS
BRYAN CRANSTON HAS THE ANSWER.
SEE MORE OF THE INTERVIEW, VISIT
NEWS HOUR PBS.ORG.
THIS IS PBS "NEWS HOUR WEEKEND
SATURDAY
>> AND NOW A PREVIEW OF MONDAY'S
EDITION OF INDEPENDENT LENS,
DOCUMENTING THE STORY OF JASON
BLAIR, THE YOUNG "NEW YORK
TIMES" REPORTER AT THE CENTER OF
ONE OF THE WORST PLAGIARIS
SCANDALS IN RECENT TIMES
BLAIR HIMSELF IN INTERVIEWED I
THE PIECE.
>> JASON BLAIR WAS A GREAT
TRAGEDY OF THE ELECTRONIC AGE.
HE REALLY MASTERED THE ART O
PRETENDING TO BE WHERE HE WASN'T
BY USING THE ELECTRONIC TOOLS AT
HIS DISPOSAL
>> AND NONE OF IT WAS ROCKET
SCIENCE.
IF YOU TAKE A LITTLE FROM HERE
AND I STEAL A LITTLE FROM YO
HERE AND STEAL A LITTLE FROM YOU
HERE, NO ONE REALLY SEES THAT
BUNCH OF MY STUFF IS STOLEN.
THEY MIGHT SAY, THAT PARAGRAPH
IS VERY SIMILAR, BUT THE REST OF
IT'S DIFFERENT
WHAT THEY DON'T KNOW IT'S BEEN
STOLEN FROM A BUNCH OF DIFFERENT
PLACES, BUT IT LOOKS ORIGINA
BECAUSE NO ONE'S SEEN ALL OF IT.
>> HE WOULD CALL FROM HIS CELL
PHONE AND PRETEND TO HIS EDITORS
THAT HE WAS IN THE MIDDLE OF A
TOUGH INTERVIEW, WHEN HE WAS I
BROOKLYN OR MANHATTAN.
>> I ALSO, A NUMBER OF TIMES
LITERALLY CALLED THE PEOPLE.
I REMEMBER ONE STORY WHERE I WAS
SUPPOSED TO BE IN MARYLAND
ABOUT A SOLDIER WHO HAD GONE T
IRAQ, AND IT WAS ABOUT HIS
FAMILY
I HAD HER DESCRIBE TO ME, WHAT
IS YOUR LIVING ROOM LOOK LIKE?
WHAT KIND OF PICTURES ARE HERE
WHAT COLOR ARE THE PLANT
OUTSIDE YOUR HOUSE
I WOULD JUST ASK ALL THE DETAILS
THAT I WOULD HAVE GOTTEN IF
LITERALLY HAD BEEN THERE
>> I HAD AN INTERNAL BACK DOOR
IN THE COMPUTER SYSTEM WHERE I
COULD GO IN AND SEE ALL TH
PHOTO DEPARTMENT'S PICTURES.
SO I WAS ABLE TO PULL DETAIL
AFTER OUR PHOTOGRAPHERS GO
THERE.
♪♪
>> JOIN US ON AIR AND ONLINE
TOMORROW
NEARLY SIX YEARS LATER, HOW TH
FINANCIAL MELTDOWN ON WALL
STREET IS STILL AFFECTING LIFE
ON MAIN STREET
>> FUNDAMENTALLY IF THIS IS HO
THE FDIC IS PROTECTING US, I
DON'T NEED THESE KINDS O
PROTECTIONS.
>> THAT'S THIS FOR THIS EDITIO
OF PBS "NEWS HOUR WEEKEND.
THANKS FOR WATCHING.
♪♪